RSDK-7021 Update motion algorithms page (#3147)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/mobility/motion/algorithms.md

CBiRRT returns the first valid path that it finds.
The CBiRRT algorithm Viam uses is based on the algorithm described in the paper [Manipulation Planning on Constraint Manifolds](https://www.ri.cmu.edu/pub_files/2009/5/berenson_dmitry_2009_2.pdf)

> ### How the motion service applies these algorithms

Author: @biotinker is this section still accurate?  Should it be improved?

Reviewer: This is still accurate. We haven't changed arm stuff.

However, if RRT*-Connect is initially successful, Viam evaluates the path for optimality.
If the total amount of joint excursion is more than double the minimum possible to go directly to the best Inverse Kinematics solution, then Viam runs CBiRRT to attempt to get a better path than what RRT*-Connect was able to create.
Viam smooths the two paths, then compares them to one another, and returns the most optimal path.

## Bases

### TP-Space-RRT

> This algorithm is based on the research described in the paper: [TP-Space RRT – Kinematic Path Planning of Non-Holonomic Any-Shape Vehicles](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275584014_TP-Space_RRT_-_Kinematic_Path_Planning_of_Non-Holonomic_Any-Shape_Vehicles). This algorithm is suitable to planning for Bases since it is able to incorporate non-holonomic constraints into the planner directly to only return plans that are kinematically feasible for the base.  One such example of a constraint that this allows us to impose is a minimum turning radius constraint, which is expressed through the Base's Properties method.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This algorithm is based on the research described in the paper: [TP-Space RRT – Kinematic Path Planning of Non-Holonomic Any-Shape Vehicles](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275584014_TP-Space_RRT_-_Kinematic_Path_Planning_of_Non-Holonomic_Any-Shape_Vehicles). This algorithm is suitable to planning for Bases since it is able to incorporate non-holonomic constraints into the planner directly to only return plans that are kinematically feasible for the base.  One such example of a constraint that this allows us to impose is a minimum turning radius constraint, which is expressed through the [Base's](/components/base/) [GetProperties](https://docs.viam.com/components/base/#getproperties) method.  
```

> This algorithm is based on the research described in the paper: [TP-Space RRT – Kinematic Path Planning of Non-Holonomic Any-Shape Vehicles](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275584014_TP-Space_RRT_-_Kinematic_Path_Planning_of_Non-Holonomic_Any-Shape_Vehicles). This algorithm is suitable to planning for Bases since it is able to incorporate non-holonomic constraints into the planner directly to only return plans that are kinematically feasible for the base.  One such example of a constraint that this allows us to impose is a minimum turning radius constraint, which is expressed through the [Base's](/components/base/) [GetProperties](https://docs.viam.com/components/base/#getproperties) method.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This algorithm is based on the research described in the paper: [TP-Space RRT – Kinematic Path Planning of Non-Holonomic Any-Shape Vehicles](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275584014_TP-Space_RRT_-_Kinematic_Path_Planning_of_Non-Holonomic_Any-Shape_Vehicles).
This algorithm is suitable to planning for bases since it is able to incorporate non-holonomic constraints into the planner directly to only return plans that are kinematically feasible for the base.
One such example of a constraint that this allows us to impose is a minimum turning radius constraint, which is expressed through the [Base's](/components/base/) [GetProperties](https://docs.viam.com/components/base/#getproperties) method.  
```

> This algorithm works by exploring a series of continuous trajectory-parameter spaces (TP-space) which describe different actions the base can take (for example, turn and then go straight). This concept is then utilized within an RRT framework to compose these different actions into a series of sequential actions to be taken in order to navigate the Base to its goal.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This algorithm works by exploring a series of continuous trajectory-parameter spaces (TP-space) which describe different actions the base can take, such as, for example, turn and then go straight.
This concept is then used within an RRT framework to compose these different actions into a series of sequential actions to be taken in order to navigate the base to its goal.  
```

However, if RRT*-Connect is initially successful, Viam evaluates the path for optimality.
If the total amount of joint excursion is more than double the minimum possible to go directly to the best Inverse Kinematics solution, then Viam runs CBiRRT to attempt to get a better path than what RRT*-Connect was able to create.
Viam smooths the two paths, then compares them to one another, and returns the most optimal path.

## Bases

> ### TP-Space-RRT

Reviewer: TP-Space RRT

This algorithm is based on the research described in the paper: [TP-Space RRT – Kinematic Path Planning of Non-Holonomic Any-Shape Vehicles](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/275584014_TP-Space_RRT_-_Kinematic_Path_Planning_of_Non-Holonomic_Any-Shape_Vehicles). This algorithm is suitable to planning for Bases since it is able to incorporate non-holonomic constraints into the planner directly to only return plans that are kinematically feasible for the base.  One such example of a constraint that this allows us to impose is a minimum turning radius constraint, which is expressed through the [Base's](/components/base/) [GetProperties](https://docs.viam.com/components/base/#getproperties) method.  

This algorithm works by exploring a series of continuous trajectory-parameter spaces (TP-space) which describe different actions the base can take, such as, for example, turn and then go straight.

> This concept is then used within an RRT framework to compose these different actions into a series of sequential actions to be taken in order to navigate the base to its goal.  

Reviewer: Not for this PR perhaps, but we may want to mention course correction somewhere
